# sta304CanadianElection

Election, a crucial part of modern democracy, is of great importance to every citizen in every democratic country. Also, its large population, incomparable importance, and great practicality all make it an enormous interest in Statistics area. Many data are collected through surveys or government census on a frequent basis to get the most updated information on people's political attitude.   
There is an important variable for every party, the turnout rate. Turnout rate refers to the percentage of eligible electors who cast a ballot in an election; and every party puts great resources on attaining a higher turnout rate among their own voters. Also, at the level of federal government, higher turnout rates in a federal election indicates a better representation of the Canadian citizens.
In contrast of turnout rate being so crucial in democratic process, according to Statistics Canada, turnout rate of 2019 Canadian Federal Election is only 67%. This means almost one third of the eligible Canadian electors did not cast their votes in 2019 Canadian Federal Election and were therefore underrepresented. 
In the hope of estimating a federal election result that well represents all Canadian citizens, this study would be using logistic regression model and post-stratification to estimate the result of 2019 Canadian Federal Election under the assumption of full voter turnout rate. The data that would be used are "2019 Canadian Election Study - Online Survey"(CES) from Canadian Census Study as survey data, and "2017 General Social Survey: Families Cycle 31"(GSS) from Statistics Canada as my census data in post-stratification.
